
    ________  ________  ________  ________
   |\   __  \|\   ____\|\   __  \|\   __  \
   \ \  \|\  \ \  \___|\ \  \|\  \ \  \|\  \
    \ \   ____\ \  \    \ \   __  \ \   ____\
     \ \  \___|\ \  \____\ \  \ \  \ \  \___|
      \ \__\    \ \_______\ \__\ \__\ \__\
       \|__|     \|_______|\|__|\|__|\|__|


  In the field of computer network administration,
pcap (packet capture) consists of an application
programming interface (API) for capturing network
traffic. Unix-like systems implement pcap in the
libpcap library; Windows uses a port of libpcap
known as WinPcap.

  Monitoring software may use libpcap and/or
WinPcap to capture packets travelling over a net-
work and, in newer versions, to transmit packets
on a network at the link layer, as well as to get
a list of network interfaces for possible use with
libpcap or WinPcap.

  As for jspcap and jsformat, they are two open-
source library written in Python (version 3.6),
with generally no requirements or third-party
dependencies.

  The jspcap library provides (by now) basic
extractor for pcap files, including its global
header, frame header and voluminous networking
protocol headers, such as IP (both version 4 and
6), ICMP, TCP, UDP, SCTP, et al. Memo has logged
that an analyser of application layer protocols,
which are fragmented when transmission, will be
complemented soon.

  The jsformat library works as a complementation
of the Python standard library, with support of
streaming output of plist and json file. The
library also provides a tree view output format,
which was inspired from macOS plist display on
Xcode editor and JavaSript framework Vue.js. Plus,
it should provide output format as XML with diff-
erent DTDs, like pdml and psml.

  And one more thing to say about, that a macOS
platform original UI using PyObjc library and xib
is under construction. But no idea if it can be
finished before the deadline.

                                       Jarry Shaw
