
           ______ ______  ______  ______
          /\__  _/\  == \/\  ___\/\  ___\
          \/_/\ \\ \  __<\ \  __\\ \  __\
             \ \_\\ \_\ \_\ \_____\ \_____\
     __   ____\/______/ __/\/_____/_______/______
    /\ \ / /\ \/\  ___\/\ \  _ \ \/\  ___\/\  == \
    \ \ \'/\ \ \ \  __\\ \ \/ ".\ \ \  __\\ \  __<
     \ \__| \ \_\ \_____\ \__/".~\_\ \_____\ \_\ \_\
      \/_/   \/_/\/_____/\/_/   \/_/\/_____/\/_/ /_/


  TreeViewer is a Tkinter based pcap extractor program.

  In the field of computer network administration, pcap
(packet capture) consists of an application programming
interface (API) for capturing network traffic. Unix-like
systems implement pcap in the libpcap library; Windows
uses a port of libpcap known as WinPcap.

  Monitoring software may use libpcap and/or WinPcap to
capture packets travelling over a network and, in newer
versions, to transmit packets on a network at the link
layer, as well as to get a list of network interfaces
for possible use with libpcap or WinPcap.

  As for jspcap and jsformat, they are two open-source
library written in Python (version 3.6), with generally
no requirements or third-party dependencies.

  The jspcap library provides (by now) basic extractor
for pcap files, including its global header, frame header
and voluminous networking protocol headers, such as IP
(both version 4 and 6), ICMP, TCP, UDP, SCTP, et al. Memo
has logged that an analyser of application layer
protocols, which are fragmented when transmission, will
be complemented soon.

  The jsformat library works as an implementation of the
Python standard library, with support of streaming output
of plist and json file. The library also provides a tree
view output format, which was inspired from macOS plist
display on Xcode editor and JavaSript framework Vue.js.
Plus, it should provide output format as XML with diff-
erent DTDs, like pdml and psml.

  And one more thing to say about, that a macOS platform
original UI using PyObjc library and xib is under cons-
truction. But no idea if it can be finished before the
deadline.

  Notice that the whole project is developed in Python
3.6 and its compatibility hasn't been tested.
